[Music]
scientists warn your birth month defines
your health and personality do you
believe that the planets have some
influence on our lives or are you a
skeptic who considers that it goes
against science whatever the case some
recent investigations show that the
season in which we are born influences
both our lives and health how does it
work what are the things people warn in
each season should pay attention to we
have tried to answer the questions and
at the end you will see an intriguing
bonus are you happy with your work
or do you feel that something has gone
wrong and your occupation is not really
what you should be doing watch this
video and find out how professions
depend on your birth month remember to
hit the like button we did our best why
does your birth month influence you
throughout the year women get different
amounts of solar light why does it
matter well scientists from Budapest
think that a lack of solar light may
influence a child's development in the
mother's womb surprisingly the birth
month also affects the level of dopamine
and serotonin the happiness and good
mood hormones together with that
researchers at Alicante University in
Spain even defined the connection
between the birth month of a person and
a disposition to 27 chronic diseases and
conditions now we'll have a look at the
months of birth and the diseases
connected with them
[Music]
January those who are born in winter are
less short-tempered and choleric than
those who were born in other seasons it
must be true they need all the energy to
keep warm not to spend it on unnecessary
emotions however you don't get much Sun
during this time of year that's why
people born in the winter are disposed
to suppress mood and depression those
who have their birthdays in January
often experience gastric ulcers
constipation heart attacks migraine loin
pains we speak about men and menopause
problems for women but there is a bright
side for the men born in January they
suffer from thyroid gland problems three
times less frequently than those born in
September
[Music]
February
people born in February are famous for
their honesty so if you don't want to
hear the truth about your new haircut
don't ask them they are also considered
to be mysterious and quiet their credo
is the less you say the better those who
have their birthdays and February's
should be aware of thyroid gland
problems osteoarthritis heart diseases
for men and thrombosis for women March
all people who were born in a spring are
disposed to hyperthermia it may sound
like the name of a fatal disease but in
fact means that these individuals are
always in a good mood those who have
birthdays in March April and May more
often become cheerful optimists and
isn't it a cool diagnosis however it
doesn't mean that these people shouldn't
be aware of the threats to their health
men born in March may have asthma
cataracts and heart problems while women
might suffer from rheumatism
constipation and arthritis
[Music]
April another spring month with similar
character traits with different diseases
men born in April are disposed to
osteoporosis thyroid client problems and
asthma women born in April should be
aware of bronchitis tumors and
osteoporosis may people born in May are
typically ambitious and hard-working
however they tend to spend a lot of
money as well being very emotional they
can get angry quite fast those men born
in May may have problems with asthma
diabetes and even depression women are
likely to have osteoporosis constipation
and chronic allergies how's it going so
far have you found yourself in here
comment below and remember to give us a
thumbs up June it's not a surprise that
people born in the summer view this
world positively nevertheless they are
disposed to cyclothymia again nothing
serious to worry about just frequent
mood swings in some rare cases
cyclothymia may progress into a
psychological disorder such as bipolar
disorder or a maniacal depressive
psychosis this swing effect is obvious
in such people in comparison to those
born in winter months men born in June
are disposed to having cataracts chronic
bronchitis and heart disease women are
likely to suffer from rheumatism urinary
incontinence and arthritis there are
some more surprising statistics men born
in the first month of summer are 34
percent less likely to suffer from
depression and 22 percent less likely to
suffer from back pain
at the same time women born in June are
35 percent less likely to have
menopausal problems and 33 percent less
likely to suffer from migraines
July people born in July are caring and
very devoted to their families they are
sensitive and emotional and can be very
protective of the ones they love the
diseases they are likely to suffer from
are asthma arthritis tumors and chronic
neck pain perhaps they carry too much
responsibility on their necks August
the strong motivated and hardworking
people tend to become famous or powerful
they have some peculiar magnetism in
their personality that doesn't leave
others indifferent men born in August
are disposed to osteoporosis asthma and
thyroid gland problems women may have
rheumatism arthritis and thrombosis
September people born in the fall are
often short-tempered there are some good
news as well those born in September
October and November don't typically
suffer from depression or bipolar
disease everyone born in September may
have problems with osteoporosis and
thyroid gland problems men may have
asthma and women tumors the amazing news
though is that all people born in
September have much smaller chances of
suffering from any chronic disease
October you may argue or not but people
born in October are extremely
charismatic coupled with Romanticism and
emotional intelligence this fact makes
their personalities very captivating men
born in October are disposed to thyroid
gland problems and migrants women are
likely to have anemia and high levels of
cholesterol both men and women may have
osteoporosis November these good-looking
people can boast their loyalty to their
beloved ones they are hardworking calm
and collected and they play by their own
rules to achieve their goals too
stubborn for their own good they also
need some personal space man born in
November are likely to have chronic skin
diseases and heart or thyroid gland
problems women may suffer from heart
attacks constipation or varicose veins a
plus is that women born in November
won't have problems during their
menopause December people born in
December are usually fun to be around
they make friends easily and may have a
lot of admirers men born in this last
month of the year are likely to have
cataracts depression and heart problems
women are likely to have asthma
thrombosis and chronic bronchitis and
now it's time for the bonus the most
popular professions according to birth
month are you ready to find out if
you've chosen the wrong thing to do
together with some specific character
traits and diseases people born in
particular months are likely to follow
some definite career path people born in
January may become collectors
specialists and debt collection and
Realtors people born in February may
become artists or performers people born
in March may become musicians or pilots
people born in April may become dictator
bosses people born in May may become
sportsmen or politicians people born in
June may become CEOs or scientists
people born in July may become builders
train drivers or performers people born
in August may become builders or
politicians people born in September may
become high-achieving students or
sportsmen people born in October may
become politicians people born in
November may become famous criminals
people born in December may become
ventas or messiahs so are you in your
place in life or did you just laugh it
off anyway don't take the results of
this research too seriously don't forget
that weather conditions in different
countries may alter things and what is
even more important each person evolves
in their own way
so perhaps you born in June will have
all the traits of a person born in
October and instead of a CEO you should
become a politician
we are waiting for your comments share
your thoughts with us if you want to
find out more about yourself hit the
like button we have other videos to come